Add review process page + updated issue templates (#31)
numfocus/infrastructure: docs/review_process.rst

- If rejected, a **reason** must be given

Review Process
--------------

- A project member opens an issue on the infrastructure repository using one of the provided templates.
  This will alert to each member of the committee.
- Each reviewer fills out the reviewer template within the given time frame.
- If the reviewers reject the proposal, the issue should be closed as not planned, and the author can not appeal.
- If the reviewers approve the proposal, the issue should only be closed as completed when the task is completed.
- If the reviewers are split, another member of the committee is asked to review, and then their decision counts as the final vote.

The following template should be used for the review:

.. code-block:: markdown

  ## Request Review

  *Please check off boxes as applicable, and elaborate in comments below.*

  - [ ] As the reviewer I confirm that there are no conflicts of interest for me to review this work.

  - [ ] Request topic is covered by the infrastructure committee remit.

  - [ ] If the request requires expenditure, the price is within the budget of the committee.

  ## Review Comments (If any)

Appeal Process
--------------

> In the cases where project members feel that their issue was unfairly closed, there will be no appeals process.

Reviewer: Can we just remove this section if there is no appeals process?

> Appeal Process
> --------------
> 
> In the cases where project members feel that their issue was unfairly closed, there will be no appeals process.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reporting to the Board
----------------------

> Updates on all project requests that were denied will be given to the board to ensure that the infrastructure committee is not rejecting valid requests.

Author: ```suggestion
The infrastructure committee provides quarterly reports of our requests and results.
The committee strives to fulfill every request made, but in the event that a request is denied due to lack of resources, we can petition the board to fund more resources.
```
